{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red74\green43\blue156;\red40\green104\blue23;\red4\green16\blue24;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red68\green19\blue9;\red0\green36\blue224;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f0\i\fs30 \cf0 A new name\
\

\b Whoever has ears, let them hear what the Spirit says
\b0  to the churches. To those who are victorious, I will give some of the hidden manna. I will also give each of them a white stone with a new name written on it, known only to the one who receives it. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Revelation%202.17"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Revelation 2:17}})\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i0\fs26 \cf0 -endure instead of victorious  \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\i\fs30 \cf0 \
4 times in the whole bible, 7 times in the first two chapt of revelations! (pop pop)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i0\fs26 \cf0 \
1------ hidden manna\
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\ri1320\sa300

\f1\fs30 \cf3 The fact that the manna is described as \'93hidden,\'94 points to the mystery of eternal life, a mystery that is only perceived through faith. The hidden (or secret) manna seems to be the bread of life which is a secret from all who have not experienced the saving grace of Jesus Christ.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\f2\fs28 \cf4 The true spiritual food; the food that nourishes the soul. The idea is, that the souls of those who "overcame," or who gained the victory in their conflict with sin, and in the persecutions and trials of the world, would be permitted to partake of that spiritual food which is laid up for the people of God, and by which they will be nourished forever.
\f1\fs30 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\ri1320\sa300
\cf0 2---------- the white stone\
many interpretations, no two seem to agree.  not important to me\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\f2\fs28 \cf4 (general sense) It is, that the Saviour would give him who overcame a token of his favor \
to the true Christian - the victor over sin - there is given some pledge of the divine favor which has to him all the effect of assurance, and which others do not perceive or understand
\f1\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs32 \cf0 In ancient culture guests invited to a banquet were given a white stone to serve as a ticket of admission. When gladiators were freed from the arena, they were given stones with their name and date of discharge inscribed.  
\f0\fs26 the white stone was a symbol of acceptance, honor and official approval. The white stone was given to those who were found innocent in a court of law.
\f3\b\fs32 A white stone means entrance to the heavenly wedding banquet.\

\b0 \
3------------- names\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Names are important in the Bible. They often had specific meaning and implications in life. In the Old testament we read about God 
\b changing a person's name to mark a spiritual change
\b0  in that person or their 
\b relationship with God
\b0 . throughout scripture, 
\f1\fs32 names convey the 
\i character
\i0  of the one bearing the name.
\f0\fs26 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%2017:4-5;&version=72;"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 God changed Abram's name to Abraham.}} Abraham means "father of nations" or "Father of a multitude." -
\f2 \cf5 Genesis 17:5-8
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2 \cf5 Sarah - Genesis 17:15 (sarai => sarah)\
Peter - Matthew 16:15-19 (simon => peter)\
Paul - Acts 13:1-4 prefaces then 13:9 this is where his name changed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f4\b\fs32 \cf6 Isaiah 62:2
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 2
\b0\fs32  The nations will see your vindication, \
\'a0\'a0\'a0and all kings your glory; \
you will be called by a new name \
\'a0\'a0\'a0that the mouth of the LORD will bestow.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f2\fs36 \cf4 (Isaiah 56:5)to them I will give within my temple and its walls a memorial and a name better than sons and daughters; I will give them an everlasting name that will not be cut off.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
[characteristics]\
This new name that will be given to us by Jesus is 
\b\fs28 not just an identifying tag
\b0\fs26  as our names are today, living here on earth. \
The new name given by Jesus will mean something 
\b\fs28 significant
\b0\fs26 . \
It will say something about 
\b\fs28 who we are and how we lived our life
\b0 .
\fs26  \
The new name will 
\b\fs28 completely describe us
\b0\fs26  as a person. \
It will be a 
\b\fs28 unique and special name that no other creature has
\b0\fs26 , and only the bearer of the new name will know what it even is. \
It will be an 
\b\fs28 intimate personal name
\b0\fs26  give to us by Jesus and known only in the confines of that personal relationship. (
\b eternally sharing a secret
\b0  with the almighty!)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs32 \cf0 \
[why]\
To be named by someone is a sign that they are over you, that you are under their care and protection. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sa320\qj

\f5 \cf0 The new name is the name of adoption. when the Holy Spirit shows his own work in the believer's soul (ties to the spiritual change), this new name and its real importance are understood by him.  
\f0\fs26 this new personal name will expresses 
\b what God thinks of us
\b0 . our new name will 
\b symbolizes what God has done for us and in us.
\b0  It will be a means of 
\b personal worship and praise
\b0  between Christ and us. This new name will point to the individuality of 
\b exactly who we are to our Creator
\b0 . This name will be a 
\b perfect picture of our soul.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\f2\fs28 \cf4 (its unknown because) Father of these adopted ones is unknown to natural men
\f5\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sa320\qj
\cf0  (jay and Rach adoption)\
-care and protection - new life, new creation, new identity w\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sa320\qj

\f5\fs32 \cf0 [the stone and the name work together [ that you are and who you are]]\
\
---------------------------------------------------\
endure to overcome sin\
why => 
\f0\i\b\fs30 Whoever has ears, let them hear what the Spirit says - 7times? [to those who are victorious (endure) is key]
\f5\i0\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3 \cf0 The letters contain\'a0at least eleven warnings, concerns to be on guard about to these seven churches {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.biblicaljesus.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Christ}} mentions {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cgg.org/index.cfm/fuseaction/Audio.details/ID/202/Faith-Part-1.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf7 \ul \ulc7 faith}}
\b , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cgg.org/index.cfm/fuseaction/Library.sr/CT/PERSONAL/k/266/The-Fruit-of-Spirit-Patience.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 patience}}, conduct, and\'a0doctrine
\b0 . But the two greatest, related concerns for His church at the end are 
\b works ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bibletools.org/index.cfm/fuseaction/bible.show/sVerseID/30720/eVerseID/30720"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Revelation 2:2}},9,13,19; 3:1,8, 15)\'a0and overcoming
\b0 \
\
}